To toggle between logging in and sign up.
We have to bind this button and also manage the state in which we are inside of our component.
So are we in log in or are we in sign up mode.
That is something we'll have to manage.
First of all on that button here I will add a new click listener which will call or which will execute
on switch off mode or whatever you want to name this.
So we'll basically execute a method which we of course now have to add to the off page typescript file.
Now on switch off mode should do just that it should switch our off indication mode and therefore I
will add a new property here at the top which I will name is log in and you can name whatever you want.
The devil let's say is true.
So that we start in log in mode.
And the idea then is that in the on switch off mode method here we said this is log in equal to what
it's currently not.
So we invert its value so it's not this log in and this will simply make sure that if it's currently
it's true we set this to false if it currently is false we set it to true.
That is all I'm doing here.
Now back in the off page this is not able to execute on switch off mode.
But of course I now want to reflect the current state and also use it when we submit the form.
So first of all that's reflected here.
Instead of saying switch to log in we want to output a dynamic value here and I will check the value
of is log in and if that is true then we are in log in mode so we can switch to sign up mode.
So I'll say switch to sign up then.
Otherwise if law is logging is false then we are inside up mode.
We can switch to log in mode.
So here I'll say log in all the 1 output is in the eye and title up there.
So instead of saying just authenticate I'll check if is log in is true and if it is I'll say log in
here are our wise sign up to show in which mode we currently are.
Now let's save that and let's see if it works as this application reloads.
Here we see log in and we see a switch to sign up and if I press the button we see it switch to log
in.
And up there we see sign up.
So that's the authentication for now.
Let's now proceed to the new offer page here.
And let's make sure that we can add a new offer.